Update mirrors page, supporters and add a blog post to announce hostico (#7358)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2024/06/2024-06-13-thanks-mirror-sponsors.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Thank you supporters of Jenkins providing download Mirrors"
tags:
- community
- infrastructure
- sponsors
- mirrors
- supporters
author: dduportal
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2023/01/12/jenkins-newsletter/infrastructure.png
description: >
  We are grateful for all the support from our supporters providing mirrors for Jenkins downloads.
---

> The Jenkins project artefacts are provided through download mirror servers provided by organization supporting the project.

Author: Ah ah, "artefact" comes from the French speaking of my brain which creates mayhem :p

You can see the list from the link:https://get.jenkins.io/index.html?mirrorstats[mirror status page].

We're really grateful for all the support provided by the organization behind the curtain, namely:

> - link:https://osuosl.org[The Oregon State University Open Source Lab] in USA

Author: ```suggestion
- link:https://osuosl.org[Oregon State University Open Source Lab] in USA
```

> - link:https://www.tsinghua.edu.cn[The Tsinghua University] in China

Author: ```suggestion
- link:https://www.tsinghua.edu.cn[Tsinghua University] in China
```

- link:https://xmission.com[XMission] in USA
- link:https://belnet.be/[Belnet] in Belgium

> - link:https://www.rwth-aachen.de/[The RWTH Aachen University] in Germany

Reviewer: I'd leave out "The" (also for the other universities), just "RWTH Aachen University" is fine

Author: ```suggestion
- link:https://www.rwth-aachen.de/[RWTH Aachen University] in Germany
```

- link:https://www.yamagata-u.ac.jp/en/[The Yamagata University] in Japan

> - link:http://freedif.org/[FreeDiff] in Singapore

Reviewer 2: Their web pages shows only a single "f" at the end as in 
```suggestion
- link:http://freedif.org/[FreeDif open source hosting] in Singapore
```

> - link:https://servanamanaged.com/[Servana] in England

Reviewer 2: When I zoom very close into the Singapore area of the mirror list, I see Servana in Singapore, very near FreeDif
```suggestion
- link:https://servanamanaged.com/[Servana] in Singapore
```

In particular, we are happy to add a new sponsored mirror from link:https://hostico.ro/[Hostico].
This new mirror covers Eastern Europe and Russia.

> Many thanks to Hostico and to the administrators of the link:https://www.rwth-aachen.de/[The RWTH Aachen University] mirror whom helped us a lot in the past weeks!

Reviewer 2: Duplicates "the" in the phrasing
```suggestion
Many thanks to Hostico and to the administrators of the link:https://www.rwth-aachen.de/[RWTH Aachen University] mirror for their great help in the past weeks!
```
